What is a branch?
I have Repo called Learn-git.
with each commit a change happened, a linear list.
If I want to experiment and maybe not keep it, I need a branch.
A git hub repo the main linear list of commits is on the 'Master Branch'
You can have lots of different branches.
I want to branch off and create a branch called 'Unicorn' for experimentation.
Top LHS of screen is a brach-like symbol with 'Main' next to it.
My files so far are on this master branch.
I don't have any other branches so far.
Click on 'Main' and a box with 'Find or create a branch' will appear.
In this box type 'Unicorn'.
You are then given an option to 'Create branch: Unicorn' fro the main branch because this branch does not exist.
If it did exist it would give me the option to switch to this branch.
Click on create branch.
The Unicorn branch is now created.
Go to the Unicorn branch.
So, now I'm going to start to edit this branch by adding a unicorn.
Scroll down to the commit button.
Note: It says comit directly to the unicorn branch.
Alo note:  Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request. This allows you to create a new branch for the commit.
Just now commit to Unicorn branch.

Branching is making a more substantive commitment to your changes and putting them in a new path.
Allows you to have 2 possibilities going on at the same time.
However, what if you want to bring the unicorn branch back into the master branch.
Go into Insights and then network to see the branching of your repo.

Pull request and merge.
First go to main page: Learn-Git

A Pull request in pulling something in.
A Push request is sending something somewhere else.
Essentially we will get the Unicorn branch to ask the main branch...
Will you take my changes and pull them into the main branch?
At he top of the screen there is a box with 'Unicorn had recent pushes 3 mins ago1
and another box with 'Compare and pull request'. i.e. want what you just did in unicorn to go back into main branch.
Click 'Compare and pull request', this opens up 'Open a pull request'.
Add info on what you are doing, ee.g. I added info on branches
Click 'Create pull request'
Git can tell if there are conflicts or not and determine if the merge is possible.
A conflict usually only arises if you are editing the same line in 2 branches.
Complete the action by clicking 'Merge pull request' and 'Confirm merge'.
Go back to insights and you on network you can visually see this merge.


